feat: update readme (#1)
eve-autonomy/ad_sound_manager: README.md

> # ad_sound_manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Sound Manager
```
As we already talked, ”sound_manager” may not change its name include repository name?

Author: @MasaakiWatanabeTier4 

This repository "ad_sound_manager" is named as originally planned.
This change corrects the incorrect name that remains in the README.

## Overview

> This node switches the sound to play depending on the state of the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any autonomous driving vehicle have to notify its action to surrounding people. This node selects both a recorded voice and BGM depending on a state of whole system which combined  the Autoware and a vehicle.
```

Author: @MasaakiWatanabeTier4 

Thank you for your review!
It will be better, so I fixed it like this.
However, the line breaks have been changed for the sake of appearance.

Author: I closed this thread because of [this comment](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/ad_sound_manager/pull/1#discussion_r895536877).

5. Keep informed that the ego vehicle is avoiding obstacles.
6. Keep informed that the ego vehicle is turning left or right.
7. Keep requesting an departure permit for on-demand delivery.
8. Keep alerting people around the ego vehicle while driving.
9. Notify operator once that the system has booted successfully.
10. Keep informed that the system is being in shut down sequence.

## Input and Output
- input
  - from autoware
    - `/awapi/vehicle/get/status` : Vehicle status. Refers to the status of the turn signal.
  - from eve oss
    - `/autoware_state_machine/state` : State of the system.
    - `/sound_voice_alarm/audio_res` : Notification that voice alarm playback is complete.
- output
  - to eve oss
    - `/autoware_state_machine/state_sound_done` : Notification that sound playback is complete.
    - `/sound_voice_alarm/audio_cmd` : Voice alarm playback request.
    - `/sound_bgm/audio_cmd` : BGM playback requst.
## Node Graph
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33311630/172429218-87798889-9d9f-454a-b244-fbacbdf9e612.png)

<details>

<summary> plantuml </summary>

```

@startuml
rectangle "autoware" {
  usecase "/awapi/awapi_awiv_adapter_node"
}

> rectangle "eve oss" {

Reviewer: Why does "eve_oss" need to be represented here?

Author: @MasaakiWatanabeTier4 
This is to clarify the external specifications.
The eve-autonomy organization's repositories are closely linked to each repository in the same organization.
By clarifying the boundary between autoware and eve_oss, it will be easier for users of this OSS to understand the external and internal specifications.

Reviewer: Please mark which is this node as discussed separately. Copyright is signed in other file.

Author: @MasaakiWatanabeTier4 
Clarified the reference link to the external interface.
https://github.com/eve-autonomy/ad_sound_manager/pull/1/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R21-R34

> # autonomous_driving_sound_manager

Author: @MasaakiWatanabeTier4 
The README title has been changed from ad_sound_manager to autonomous_driving_sound_manager for clarity.

> # autonomous_driving_sound_manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Autonomous Driving: Sound Manager
```
Underscores are not requited to the title.

## Overview

> Any autonomous driving vehicle have to notify its action to surrounding people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every autonomous driving vehicle notifies its action to surrounding people.
```

> This node selects both a recorded voice and BGM depending on a state of whole system which combined the Autoware and a vehicle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node selects both a recorded voice and BGM, depending on a system state of autonomous driving which combined the Autoware and a vehicle.
```

> This node plays sound in the following order of priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plays each sound in the following order of priority. 
```

> 1. Alert people around the ego vehicle once before the ego vehicle departs. The ego vehicle will not depart until the alert is complete.

Reviewer: What do these "Alert"s play by ? voice or BGM or anything others. Add relationships between them.

Author: This issue will be fixed by https://github.com/eve-autonomy/ad_sound_manager/pull/3

2. Keep alerting obstacles around the ego vehicle.
3. Keep alerting obstacles in the ego vehicle's path.
4. Notify the cargo receiver once that the ego vehicle has arrived.
5. Keep informed that the ego vehicle is avoiding obstacles.
6. Keep informed that the ego vehicle is turning left or right.
7. Keep requesting an departure permit for on-demand delivery.
8. Keep alerting people around the ego vehicle while driving.
9. Notify operator once that the system has booted successfully.
10. Keep informed that the system is being in shut down sequence.

## Input and Output
- input
  - from [autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe)
    - `/awapi/vehicle/get/status` : Vehicle status. Refers to the status of the turn signal.
  - from [autoware_state_machine](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/autoware_state_machine)
    - `/autoware_state_machine/state` : State of the system.
  - from sound_voice_alarm/[audio_driver](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/audio_driver)

>     - `/sound_voice_alarm/audio_res` : Notification that voice alarm playback is complete.

Reviewer: Which is good ? Notification / acknowledgment

- output
  - to [autoware_state_machine](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/autoware_state_machine)

>     - `/autoware_state_machine/state_sound_done` : Notification that sound playback is complete.

Reviewer: Which is good ? Notification / acknowledgment

  - to sound_voice_alarm/[audio_driver](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/audio_driver)
    - `/sound_voice_alarm/audio_cmd` : Voice alarm playback request.
  - to sound_bgm/[audio_driver](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/audio_driver)
    - `/sound_bgm/audio_cmd` : BGM playback requst.
## Node Graph
![node graph](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eve-autonomy/ad_sound_manager/docs/node_graph.pu)

> ## Parameter discription

Reviewer: It might need what kind of file types are acceptable for this node.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th scope="col">Name</th>
      <th scope="col">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
	    <td>sound_filename_avoid</td>

> 	    <td>File name of the voice alert for obstacle avoidance.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	    <td>File name of a voice alert for obstacle avoidance.</td>
```
I dont understand whta "the" means. Followings are same.

If you want to indicate a particular voice ("the obstacle avoidance"), you might refer the number of priority above.

# autonomous_driving_sound_manager

## Overview
Any autonomous driving vehicle have to notify its action to surrounding people.

> This node selects both a recorded voice and BGM depending on a state of whole system which combined the Autoware and a vehicle.
> 
> This node plays sound in the following order of priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node selects both a recorded voice and BGM depending on a state of whole system which combined the Autoware and a vehicle. This node plays sound in the following order of priority.
```

1. Alert people around the ego vehicle once before the ego vehicle departs. The ego vehicle will not depart until the alert is complete.
1. Keep alerting obstacles around the ego vehicle.
1. Keep alerting obstacles in the ego vehicle's path.
1. Notify the cargo receiver once that the ego vehicle has arrived.
1. Keep informed that the ego vehicle is avoiding obstacles.
1. Keep informed that the ego vehicle is turning left or right.
1. Keep requesting an departure permit for on-demand delivery.
1. Keep alerting people around the ego vehicle while driving.
1. Notify operator once that the system has booted successfully.
1. Keep informed that the system is being in shut down sequence.

## Input and Output
- input
  - from [autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe)
    - `/awapi/vehicle/get/status` : Vehicle status. Refers to the status of the turn signal.
  - from [autoware_state_machine](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/autoware_state_machine)
    - `/autoware_state_machine/state` : State of the system.
  - from sound_voice_alarm/[audio_driver](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/audio_driver)

>     - `/sound_voice_alarm/audio_res` : Notification that voice alarm playback is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `/sound_voice_alarm/audio_res` : Acknowledgement that voice alarm playback is complete.
```

- output
  - to [autoware_state_machine](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/autoware_state_machine)

>     - `/autoware_state_machine/state_sound_done` : Notification that sound playback is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `/autoware_state_machine/state_sound_done` : Ackowledgement that sound playback is complete.
```

  - to sound_voice_alarm/[audio_driver](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/audio_driver)
    - `/sound_voice_alarm/audio_cmd` : Voice alarm playback request.
  - to sound_bgm/[audio_driver](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/audio_driver)
    - `/sound_bgm/audio_cmd` : BGM playback requst.
## Node Graph
![node graph](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eve-autonomy/ad_sound_manager/docs/node_graph.pu)

## Launch arguments
|Name|Description|
|:---|:----------|

> |lang|Switches the reference destination of the sound directory. See [ad_aound.default](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/ad_sound.default#extensibility-of-this-package) for details.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|lang|Switch a set of sound by directory name. See [ad_aound.default](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/ad_sound.default#extensibility-of-this-package) for details.|
```
